[DOCS] Adds class_score to the classification example (#892)
elastic/stack-docs: docs/en/stack/ml/df-analytics/flightdata-classification.asciidoc

          "ml" : {
            "top_classes" : [ <1>
              {
                "class_probability" : 0.939335365058496, <2>
                "class_score" : 0.6757432490367542, <3>
                "class_name" : "false"
              },
              {
                "class_probability" : 0.06066463494150393,
                "class_score" : 0.06835090015710144,
                "class_name" : "true"
              }
            ],
            "FlightDelay_prediction" : "false",
            "is_training" : false
          }
----
<1> An array of values specifying the probability of the prediction and the 
`class_score` for each class. The `top_classes` object contains the predicted 

> classes with the highest probability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
classes with the highest scores.
```

<2> The probability is a value between 0 and 1. The higher the number, the 

> higher the probability that the data point belongs to the named class.  In this 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
higher the model confident the model is that the data point belongs to the named class.  In this 
```

example, `false` has a `class_probability` of 0.94 while `true` has only 0.06, 
so the prediction will be `false`.
<3> The value of `class_score` controls the probability at which a class label 
is assigned to a datapoint. It works as a function of probability to maximise 

> the minimum recall of any class.

Reviewer: I think I'd make this a bit more specific and change item <3> as follows:

The `class_score` is a function of the probability. It is chosen so that the decision to assign the datapoint the class with the highest score maximises the minimum recall of any class.
